as you can see on screen here a received
message from a few were to the channel
Zhang Wei Han in January says makalya
Peterson was posting photos of her
mother Tammy's physique attributing it
to the amazing powers of the 100% beef
diet which she had been doing for 18
months last week
Tammy had to be rushed to hospital for
emergency life-saving after liver
failure
strangely this is not being attributed
to amazing powers of the 100% beef diet
in social sciences in the study of
Statistics and in politics one of the
easiest ways you can mislead your
audience one of the easiest ways to
falsify findings or evidence is simply
to omit cases to the contrary there were
popular videos of magicians walking
around the streets of New York City back
in the 1990s miraculously reading
people's minds and the only thing you
needed to do to create this miracle was
to film the same scenario again and
again and again of a magician walking up
to somebody and guessing the number of
the thinking of and just don't use any
of the takes in which he guesses wrong
if I ask you to guess a number between 1
and 10 and I guess it's 7 and we filmed
this with a series of strangers
do it a hundred times maybe we get a
couple of segments that just look
amazing that's not science at what point
do we step away from merely pseudo
scientific and unscientific attitudes
into something that's actually cult-like
pernicious and dangerous I'll tell you
one it's when your mom gets checked into
the hospital with a life-threatening
condition and they start going through
the checklist of questions say oh well
have you been eating and if she's honest
if she reports the same thing to the
doctor that she's reporting on her
daughter's website promoting their crazy
fad diet obviously the doctor's jaw is
going to drop and whether or not her
diet caused this condition whether or
not her diet contributed to or
exacerbated or worsen this condition the
first thing the doctor is going to say
is you need to be on a healthy balanced
diet that includes leafy green
vegetables and broccoli and probably
whole grains and a few other things to
be in the list even if it's the worst
doctor in the world you know this would
not have to be a genius doctor this
would not have to be a doctor who's a
path-breaking vegan physician not
someone who cares about ethics or
ecology frankly not even someone who
cares about health anyone who hears this
woman narrate how she used her
daughter's anecdotal evidence of lose
weight feel great by eating a 100%
carnivore diet anyone hears that this is
gonna say well well guess what now
you're in the hospital you're on death's
door
so it's time to stop listening to your
daughter it's time to start listening to
cold hard scientific facts do you think
she's gonna do it do you think she's
gonna do it some of us grow up being
raised in the faith and ignorance of our
parents and some of us grow up in the
self-selected obscurity of myths of our
own devising
what makes the peculiar religiosity of
the Jordan Pearson family so pathetic
and so pernicious is precisely that they
do it to themselves
[Music]